Add issues templates (#4010)
telefonicaid/fiware-orion: .github/workflows/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---
name: Feature request
about: Suggest an idea for this project
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

> **Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe.**
> A clear and concise description of what the problem is. Ex. I'm always frustrated when [...]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Is your feature request related to a problem / use case? Please describe.**
A clear and concise description of what the problem / use case is. Ex. I need to cover the use case consisting on [...], I'd need [...]
```

Reviewer: Creo que es mejor hablar de "casos de uso" que de "problemas". He intentado reorientar los textos de ese modo.

**Describe the solution you'd like**

> A clear and concise description of what you want to happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A clear and concise description of what you want to happen. Try to be as precise as you can, including even prototypical API calls, CLI parameters, etc.
```

---
name: Feature request
about: Suggest an idea for this project
title: ''

> labels: 'feature_request'

Author: Added this label to feature requests
Informative - NTC

assignees: ''

---

**Is your feature request related to a problem / use case? Please describe.**

> A clear and concise description of what the problem / use case is. Ex. I need to cover the use case consisting on [...], I'd need [...]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A clear and concise description of what the problem / use case is. E.g. I need to cover the use case consisting on [...], I'd need [...]
```

**Describe the solution you'd like**
A clear and concise description of what you want to happen. Try to be as precise as you can, including even prototypical API calls, CLI parameters, etc.

**Describe alternatives you've considered**
A clear and concise description of any alternative solutions or features you've considered.

**Describe why you need this feature**
- To approach a new use case.
- To integrate a new Generic Enabler / component.

> - To improve or simplify an scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To improve or simplify an scenario.
- Other reason (describe it)
```

> - To improve or simplify an scenario.

Author: Added section describing why is needed

Author: NTC

**Additional information**
Add any other information, diagrams or screenshots about the feature request here.

**Do you have the intention to implement the solution**
- [ ] Yes, I have the knowledge to implement this new feature.
- [ ] Yes, but I will need help.

> - [ ] No, I do not have the skills.

Reviewer: Good addition :)

> - [ ] No, I do not have the skills.

Author: NTC
